Back in our app, the first thing I’ll do
is if you haven’t already done so is fix
this api link so it correctly grabs my books.json
file.
The next thing is I’m going to add my base
href to the index file right below the opening
head tag.
With that done, we can get to work on adding
routing.
So lets open up the app.module file and we’ll
start off by importing RouterModule from angular/router.
Next, we’ll add in our RouterModule to our
list of imports.
Then we’ll say dot forRoot in order to declare
an array of paths for our routes.
The first route will be named books and is
going to use our BooksListComponent.
The next route is going to be an empty string,
which says anytime a user navigates to the
root index of our app, take them route named
books.
We also need to include a path match property
with a value of full whenever using redirection.
And our last route is going to be a wildcard,
saying if a user navigates to a route that
isn’t defined, then just redirect them back
to our books route.
Now we need to add our router outlet.
Lets open up our app.component.html file.
The html at the top here is for our menu items.
Lets scroll down to the bottom.
You can see here that we’ve added this bs-books-list
selector in order to display our BooksListComponent
html.
But now, since we’re using a router, to
display this content, we can just get rid
of that selector and instead use the router-outlet
selector.
And that’s it, if you reload your app now
no visible changes will be seen, but we have
successfully implemented routing.
One more thing we should do is inside the
BooksListComponent typescript file.
And since we’re using routing, we don’t
need to have this selector definition.
And a good rule of thumb here is we only need
to use selectors inside a component when the
component is nested inside of another component.